Are right now we are looking at the expenses worksheet Now a couple of bigger assumptions is for the
programs that we have right.
We have a certain number of instructors for course and tutors.
So we may assume that hey for the full time bootcamps we're going to two instructors per course and
two additional tutors for the part time bootcamps may just have one instructor and two tutors downline
courses have one instructor and one tutor.
Now the other assumption that we're going to make around the space is that we're we're actually paying
rent.
Right.
So for the rent we may have common which is common in commercial leases.
Some sort of a rent pump that happens every two years or every three years.
So we're going to model that out as well when we do the modeling.
A lot of times it's easy to put the assumptions at the top or on the side of where you're working with.
So in the expenses I'm going to put them in the expenses but the expense assumptions there and the revenue
assumptions we put the revenue assumptions on that page it makes it easier to manage because we've put
Sometimes you can put all the assumptions on the same page as well.
So it's really up to preference and we're going to show you models that kind of do both.
One of the other models here the the indoor golf lounge model we pretty much have all the assumptions
on one page so you can kind of visualize it all together and there are some advantages to that.
But for these ones we're just putting them in the correct area.
And then the corresponding worksheets.
It's really more of a personal preference.
All right.
So for the expenses What do we do.
Well you always want to start with timing related things.
Okay.
So here we have the timing which was done already in the revenue worksheet so we're just kind of copying
it and pulling from there.
Right.
We're pulling from the revenue timelines so all the timing is the same.
Now then remember we had the costs at these different times of startup costs rent from here.
We had all of these start up costs and then we assign them these timings while we're adding them up
here just into the correct buckets.
And then what we're doing is look at the how many months each of those are and then we're spacing that
spend in the correct timing in the correct month evenly.
So if there was this much spin over the three month of permitting which was the first three months of
perming then it gets divided even like that.
And then for construction for there for launch it falls into the correct spot as well right there for
three months and then for that throughout it's just expenses that are happening throughout the early
parts pre-launch for the project.
And that's where it is.
So then when you add it all up you have your total startup spend.
So your starter spend doesn't all happen on day one.
Right.
So you're going to be spending over some period as you develop and build out your business.
And so that's what this allows you to do is to space out your startup spend correctly.
Next thing we can think about here is headcount you know for this business model we may have some senior
managers director of marketing that does all the marketing someone who is a facilities manager and make
sure all the lights are working and everything's you know doing all the repairs or any kind of upkeep.
So mighty folk.
Lot of receptionists assistants with the tea and maybe some interns.
So this is something that we've done before and where we model Hey how many of these headcount are we
starting with what month are we starting that count and how many are we adding and at what frequency
do we add them.
And then what is the most.
What is the max headcount we can have for each category.
So based on that we have these numbers here that tells us what the headcount is for each category over
time.
In any given month.
What's the headcount we can do the same with the salary rates right.
What are they starting at one month starting.
Because it doesn't make sense to pay people for that role.
Before we have somebody in that role so we're starting in the same month as when we're starting to do
the headcount.
Maybe we can do some sort of raise at some different intervals and there's some sort of a max salary
or Max compensation for each of these.
And then we calculate what that is.
Now the two things that are a little bit different here is how we do the calculations for instructors
and tutors.
The reason for that is we don't want to just decide for that is we want this to depend on the number
of courses.
Right because we're going to have two instructors or one instructor per course and then a certain number
of tutors per course.
So this should depend on the number of courses that we have.
So the way we're doing that is we're taking the some product of a number of instructors times the number
of courses that we have.
That was on right here.
The course can do in any given month.
We're taking the course count and then we're multiplying it by the number of instructors number of part
time you know tutors for each of them and then so then what we can calculate then is how many total
instructors we.
And then how many total tutors that we have.
So now that we have the total counts like that and we can do the same with the salaries that when we
don't have to be very special we can tell what the starting salaries are with the max salaries are right.
So then from that we have the counts and the compensation for each of them we can calculate the total
compensation for each category and then calculate the total compensation overall.
And then once we did that we still got to address the rent issue right.
So here this is where the rent bump is where we did the 5 percent growing every 24 months.
So when you do rent bumps you start off with 100 percent because if you don't have a bump then you want
to take 100 percent of the rent.
But once you have the bump you're taking more than 100 percent of the rent.
Right.
So this is more than 24 months later.
Now whatever your rental rate was if you got that 5 percent back.
So that's what that was there for.
Next thing is to look at the other related expenses and we're going to have two categories we're going
to have some that are cost per person per month.
And then we have some other cost per month categories.
Technically this legal one should be here for a retainer.
But we did it this way in the other examples so we left that here for familiarity.
You could actually just remove that and put it over here.
And the model would work exactly the same.
So now these expenses again depend on the number of headcount.
Right.
So the bigger the headcount in terms of people that are working the higher the number here.
But these here are going to be just other monthly expenses.
You may be paying like some fixed rate on some telecom or other expenses.
So that's one could think of too much.
But you know the space is here for you to do that so you can have that out there.
Finally though we have some costs that are related to the sales rent.
So for in our case we had some acquisition costs based on acquisition assumptions we can just to calculate
the total acquisition cost by multiplying the number of students who were there were acquired for them
of times the acquisition costs.
But then we have all of the relevant expenses calculated.